DataGrid buttons[].disabled: add description (#2851)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumnButton/disabled.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies whether the button is disabled.
 
##### param(options): Object

> Information about the current row and column that contain the button.

Reviewer: `row and column that contain the button` seems to imply both the column and thr row have a button

##### field(options.column): dxDataGridColumn
The column's properties.

##### field(options.component): dxDataGrid
The UI component's instance.

##### field(options.row): dxDataGridRowObject
The row's properties.

##### return: Boolean
**true** if the button should be disabled; otherwise, **false**.

---

> Use the function to activate or disable the button for specific rows. See a related example in the **buttons[]**.[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/buttons/#visible) topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the function to activate or disable the button for specific rows. See a related example in the **buttons[]**.[visible]({currentpath}/#visible) topic.
```
